[docs] Clean up docs to account for expo-permissions deprecation (#12508)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/permissions.md

---
title: Permissions
---

When you are creating an app that requires access to potentially sensitive information on a user's device, such as their location or contacts, you need to ask for the user's permission first. For example, to access the user's media library, you will need to use [MediaLibrary.requestPermissionsAsync()](../../versions/latest/media-library.md#medialibraryrequestpermissionsasync).

In Expo Go, there isn't much you need to think about to interact with permissions beyond requesting permissions before using certain APIs. This changes when you want to deploy your app to an app store. Please read the [permissions on iOS](#permissions-on-ios) and [permissions on Android](#permissions-on-android) sections carefully before deploying your app to stores. If you don't configure or explain the permissions properly **it may result in your app getting rejected or pulled from the stores**. Read more about deploying to the stores in the [App Store Deployment Guide](../../../distribution/app-stores.md#system-permissions-dialogs-on-ios).

## iOS

### Managed workflow

> To request permissions on iOS, you have to describe why the permissions are requested and [install the library](#permissions-and-required-packages-on-ios) that can request this permission. In the managed workflow, you can do that by customizing the `ios.infoPlist` property in your [`app.json` file](../../../workflow/configuration.md#ios). When using the bare workflow, you have to edit the `info.plist` file directly.

Reviewer: Also it's a little odd to reference bare workflow in the Managed workflow section when bare workflow has its own section up next

> To request permissions on iOS, you have to describe why the permissions are requested and [install the library](#permissions-and-required-packages-on-ios) that can request this permission. In the managed workflow, you can do that by customizing the `ios.infoPlist` property in your [`app.json` file](../../../workflow/configuration.md#ios). When using the bare workflow, you have to edit the `info.plist` file directly.

Author: ```suggestion
To request permissions on iOS, you have to describe why the permissions are requested and [install the library](#permissions-and-required-packages-on-ios) that can request this permission. In the managed workflow, you can do that by customizing the `ios.infoPlist` property in your [`app.json` file](../../../workflow/configuration.md#ios).
```

> See the [`Permission types`](#permission-types) below to learn about what `infoPlist` property you need for each permission. You can find the full list of available properties in [Apple's InfoPlistKeyReference](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/General/Reference/InfoPlistKeyReference/Articles/CocoaKeys.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009251-SW1). Apple also documents the basic guidelines for the structure of the message in the [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/requesting-permission/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the full list of available properties in [Apple's InfoPlistKeyReference](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/General/Reference/InfoPlistKeyReference/Articles/CocoaKeys.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009251-SW1). Apple also documents the basic guidelines for the structure of the message in the [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/requesting-permission/).
```

> **Note:** apps using permissions without descriptions _may be rejected from the App Store_. (see the [App Store Deployment Guide](../../../distribution/app-stores.md#system-permissions-dialogs-on-ios))

### Bare workflow

> To request permissions on iOS, you have to describe why the permissions are requested and [install the library](#permissions-and-required-packages-on-ios) that can request this permission. When using the bare workflow, you have to edit the project `Info.plist`.

Author: ```suggestion
To request permissions on iOS, you have to describe why the permissions are requested and install the library that requests and uses the permission. When using the bare workflow, you have to edit the project `Info.plist`.
```

> See the [`Permission types`](#permission-types) below to learn about what `Info.plist` property you need for each permission. You can find the full list of available properties in [Apple's InfoPlistKeyReference](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/General/Reference/InfoPlistKeyReference/Articles/CocoaKeys.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009251-SW1). Apple also documents the basic guidelines for the structure of the message in the [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/requesting-permission/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the full list of available properties in [Apple's InfoPlistKeyReference](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/General/Reference/InfoPlistKeyReference/Articles/CocoaKeys.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40009251-SW1). Apple also documents the basic guidelines for the structure of the message in the [Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/requesting-permission/).
```
